README.md, before:

# OpenGL-Modern


## STATUS

[![Build Status](https://github.com/Perl-GPU/OpenGL-Modern/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/PDLPorters/pdl/actions?query=branch%3Amaster)

## DESCRIPTION

This is the first official release of OpenGL::Modern
supporting OpenGL API bindings for OpenGL versions up to
version 4.6.

Bindings have been generated for all API routines but
any pointer value arguments or return values are
implemented as passing and returning raw pointers to
data or string buffers.  These "raw" functions are
named by starting with the base name of the C OpenGL
routine and appending `_c` (representing the C pointer)
usage.

See documentation and the perl source to
OpenGL::Modern::Helpers for examples for calling
those routines (i.e. perldoc -m OpenGL::Modern::Helpers).
As this is a new module, the handling for those pointer
arguments *will* be evolving.  These changes will be
documented in OpenGL::Modern::Helpers until final.

All releases for OpenGL::Modern *should* be considered
*alpha* until the API is fully implemented and stable.

We're happy for user feedback and questions.  See #pogl
on irc.perl.org for chatting and the Perl OpenGL users
lists at the sf.net site.  They are members only but
you can use the Subscribe link to join:

https://sourceforge.net/p/pogl/mailman/?source=navbar

## INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

```
   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install
```

or cpan or cpanm.

## COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2017 by Chris Marshall
Copyright (C) 2016 by Max Maischein

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.22.0 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.

Commit message:

MacOSX: allow build with homebrew and its emulated MesaGL
This change comes from Prima::OpenGL that is built with Prima that uses lots of
homebrew libraries, and is actually advised to be built on homebrew. The
problem comes with the libraries that are implicitly dependant on the native
/opt/X11 libraries, and any program that is compiled with both set of Xlibs
(and by extention, GL libs), dumps core.

A possibile solution to this is to let OpenGL::Modern to use homebrew libraries,
but that comes with a price, native mac gl will not be used, but the slow
emulated MesaGL will be used instead.

README.md, after:

# OpenGL-Modern


## STATUS

[![Build Status](https://github.com/Perl-GPU/OpenGL-Modern/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/PDLPorters/pdl/actions?query=branch%3Amaster)

## DESCRIPTION

This is the first official release of OpenGL::Modern
supporting OpenGL API bindings for OpenGL versions up to
version 4.6.

Bindings have been generated for all API routines but
any pointer value arguments or return values are
implemented as passing and returning raw pointers to
data or string buffers.  These "raw" functions are
named by starting with the base name of the C OpenGL
routine and appending `_c` (representing the C pointer)
usage.

See documentation and the perl source to
OpenGL::Modern::Helpers for examples for calling
those routines (i.e. perldoc -m OpenGL::Modern::Helpers).
As this is a new module, the handling for those pointer
arguments *will* be evolving.  These changes will be
documented in OpenGL::Modern::Helpers until final.

All releases for OpenGL::Modern *should* be considered
*alpha* until the API is fully implemented and stable.

We're happy for user feedback and questions.  See #pogl
on irc.perl.org for chatting and the Perl OpenGL users
lists at the sf.net site.  They are members only but
you can use the Subscribe link to join:

https://sourceforge.net/p/pogl/mailman/?source=navbar

## INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

```
   perl Makefile.PL
   make
   make test
   make install
```

or cpan or cpanm.

### MacOSX

To build with homebrew and it's emulated MesaGL, run `env WITH_HOMEBREW=1 perl Makefile.PL`.

## COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

Copyright (C) 2017 by Chris Marshall
Copyright (C) 2016 by Max Maischein

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms as Perl itself, either Perl version 5.22.0 or,
at your option, any later version of Perl 5 you may have available.
